1) My proudest professional achievement was creating a program called Hose Droop Calculator for Duos Technologies. The hose in question is the air hose which is involved in the braking system of train cars. This hose dangles below the coupler between each rail car, and by FRA regulations must be a certain height above the top of the rail because it could snag and cause a derailment. We already had an AI that could find the low point of the hose with 2 cameras operating on either side of the track, but we needed to transform that pixel value into a real world height. My portion of the program was given those 2 pixel coordinates and using some trigonometry and camera specific parameters was able to calculate that real world height. It was a very fun project to work on as I was able to dust off my physics degree to accomplish it. That code that I wrote is out in production to this day helping to prevent derailments and potential deaths for railroads all across North America.

2) I am a huge history nerd, I can not get enough of the subject. I recently came across a documentary about the failed K class of submarines that the Royal Navy built during the second World War. The reason the K class was doomed was because the Admiralty was very fixed in its doctrine that held that submarines should operate as part of a combined fleet with the rest of the battleships, destroyers, cruisers, etc. instead of lone wolf tactics that the Germans used. This rigidity forced the engineers to design a submarine that was fast enough to keep up with the rest of the fleet, and ended up with a monstrosity that was 4 times bigger than a german U-Boat and ran on steam power instead of diesel. Because of its size the K class were very hard to steer and took 5 minutes for the sub to descend from the surface, when the U-Boats could crash dive in 30 seconds. The K class submarine only ever engaged with the enemy one time and scored a direct hit, but with a defective torpedo. The documentary I saw covered the design process of the K Class as well as the role it played in one of the biggest accidents in British Naval History: The "Battle" of May Island. This "Battle" ended with multiple British ships colliding in the Firth of Forth causing 2 subs to sink, damaging 4 other submarines and a light cruiser, and over 100 sailors losing their lives. The primary reason for the accidents was from the poor maneuverability of the K Class as well as inadequate communication between the various ships involved. The lesson I learned from the K Class is to realize that eventually orthodox thinking will become outdated, so I should always be open to new ideas. Additionally when I run into unexpected problems I should relay those to my comrades as quickly as possible so a joint action plan can be created.

3) Availity acts to facilitate healthcare operations between healthcare providers and health insurance companies.
